Does the topic, title, and style of your
video impact how many sales that you're
getting from YouTube? Well, the answer
is yes, dramatically. And now, for the
first time ever, I have the data to
prove it after tracking sales from 1
billion YouTube views. So, in this
video, I'm going to show you the
patterns we found in this data that are
increasing channel sales. I'm going to
show you the title formats that are
making YouTube channels the most money.
You're going to see if the style of
video you're making right now is
actually costing you sales. And I'm
going to show you exactly what the top
channels are doing from everyone else to
make millions. And at the end, I'm going
to show you why using emojis in your
title might actually increase your
income. Okay, so before we get into the
data, let me just quickly show you where
it's all come from, cuz you're probably
wondering, how has he tracked sales from
a billion views? Sounds like internet
marketing nonsense. Well, this is Rev
Track. It's a software we built at the
start of 2025, and it tracks individual
sales, views, and leads from YouTube and
other platforms, too. So, what you can
see on screen right now is my channel's
Rev Track dashboard. And now you can see
each row here is one of my videos. And
next to it, you can see exactly how many
emails and link clicks and calls and
sales and income it generated. Now, we
get that data by adding unique tracking
links under every video we make. So, you
can see the links below this one.
They're being tracked. And now, we've
got tons of people using this. We get
all of the data from everything. meaning
we have a bird's eyee view across
hundreds of niches showing us the
patterns and trends and things that
actually matter to make you money on
YouTube. Okay, so now you know it's
from. I'm going to give you the top
things we've discovered from this data
and I think when you see how much titles
impact your content, you're going to be
pretty blown away. Okay, so let's start
with the first thing and this generally
shocked me because it's the single most
damaging thing to your business if you
don't fix it. So here's what the data
has showed. It turns out most channels
have just got a handful of videos making
them money and the rest of their channel
barely converts anything at all. In
other words, like 80 or 90% of their
content doesn't turn their viewers into
buyers. So, what we want to do is create
a channel where every video you post can
generate sales. So, how can you achieve
that? Well, let me show you how I use
this data to get that result. So, what
you can see is I do have some videos
that are massive sales outliers, but
overall pretty much every video I've
made in the last year has grown my
business. And that is because I just
started ideiating from Rev Track, not
YouTube. So, when I noticed a video
making sales, I just made more of them.
Very similar title, very similar style,
very similar thing, and that's it. That
way of thinking doubled my turnover last
year. So, the lesson from this really is
people just need to repeat what makes
them money and not worry too much about
anything else. Now, the second
discovery, probably the easiest way to
make money, and I noticed that when I
dug into the data set, the highest
earning creators were harnessing this
strategy, and the lowest were not. So,
here's how this works. So, this video
made $80,000 from 20,000 views. That is
almost $4 a view. The thing is, try and
find that video on YouTube somewhere.
You can't because it's unlisted. In
fact, you can't find it anywhere other
than here on my channel trailer. But why
is this making me money? Well, this
video is a VSSL, which is basically a
promo video, and it's the exact same one
I have on my sales page. Now, this isn't
just a fluke. Over 2025, I had two
different videos that I tested here, and
they both consistently drove around $4
per view. But also, the calls that came
from them converted a higher percentage,
too. So, if you have a promo video of
ESL and you're like, I don't want to
post it on my channel in case people
hate on me, don't post it. Just unlist
it. Whack it as a trailer and point end
screens at it and fight me later. Now,
the next massive discovery is going to
make a lot of people gasp when they
realize they are making the least
profitable video over and over again.
So, what we discovered across tracking
sales from a billion views was six
categories of titles that actually seem
to make money and some of them make
significantly more money than others.
So, let's start with the title style
that was the least effective for sales
and work up to the best. So, the least
powerful title for sales across YouTube
last year are sadly one of the most
common and they are known as listicles.
These are basically videos that are like
three steps to clean your shoes better
or five lessons I wish I knew or 10
mistakes that do something bad.
Basically, a list is just a list of
lessons that have no specific order to
them. And they are associated with 15%
of videos that got sales, ranking them
at the very bottom. Now, when I saw
this, I was pretty shocked and I wanted
to know why. And when I thought about
it, I think I figured it out. So
recently, I have been trying to better
understand how people learn so I can
make better content for you. So I
decided, well, maybe I need to start
learning completely new things I'm bad
at. And one of those things was DJing.
And this is where it clicked. Because as
a total beginner, whenever I went on
YouTube to learn about it, I found I
never clicked on the videos that looked
like a proper step-by-step tutorial or a
miniourse. I was clicking on the stuff
that felt like it was gonna be really
easy to watch that I could just dip in
and out of and have on the background
whilst I was eating my dinner.
Basically, I didn't want to think too
hard. So, I was clicking on five looping
mistakes that ruin your mix and three
things I wish I knew before I started
mixing. But after about 2 or 3 weeks of
this, I finally went right, why don't
you just try a bit harder to learn this
properly now? And I started looking for
more structured lessons and more depth.
And that is when I decided to start
spending money on a lesson. So, I think
the reason that listicles don't convert
is because they actually attract viewers
with the wrong intent. These videos can
get massive views, but I think people
watch listicles when they're killing
time, when they're half distracted, when
they're on the L, when they are looking
for a tiny tip and they're not really
trying to mentally commit, and that is
not what you want for sales. All right.
Now, the second type of title was
associated with 20% of sales across this
entire data set. And we call these pain
first titles. And they look like this.
Now, one thing to note about these
titles are what I noticed was across
some niches, they actually seem to
perform better than others. So, if you
are in the health or wellness or
relationship space, these specific
problem based titles actually seem to
crush it for views and sales, but in
other ones, it wasn't so strong. Now,
the link below in the document is going
to give you more titles of each of these
categories and a full report. So, make
sure you get that if you're a big data
nerd like me. Okay, next up is our third
category and this one is associated with
25% of all sales and these are called
contrarian titles and you can see a few
examples on screen right now. Now, these
titles basically interrupt your viewers
autopilot thinking to make them go what
why what's wrong with that? So, they
click to find out. And I think this is
powerful for sales because this
harnesses a copywriting technique people
have been using for the last 50,000
years preen where you basically say the
old way doesn't work anymore and the new
way does and it hooks people. It makes
them think you're some sort of genius
and then they want to buy from you. So
that brings us on to the fourth title
category and this one was associated
with 35% of sales and these are titles
like what I learned after failing
something, how I fixed my relationship
with something. But I've got a few
things you're going to want to know
about these before you start making
them. So, the reason these ones work for
sales is cuz they position the creator
as having fixed the problem the viewer
has. So, it kind of raises your
credibility when they see it cuz the
viewer goes, "I want to fix that, too."
The thing is what I've noticed was, and
this wasn't from the data, but this was
from working with almost 600 businesses
this year, is that pretty consistently
when smaller channels make this style of
title, they flop. Whereas where bigger
ones do it, they don't. And I think it's
because the larger channels have a
following that is interested in I more
whereas the smaller ones don't. So just
keep that in mind. Now the second most
powerful title category for sales, about
40% of the highest converting videos use
this. And I call it a system or method
title. Now the reason these things make
so much money is because you say you
have a system to solve something your
viewer cares about. And then if the
video actually gives them a good system,
it shows them you're credible and they
buy. That's it. in its simplest form.
And what I found was these titles worked
across almost every niche that I have
worked with over the last 12 months,
too. Which brings us on to the big dog.
This is the category that showed up in
55% of all titles that produce the most
sales. And I call them outcome titles,
and you can see a few examples on screen
right now. All you do is you lead with
the result someone will get if they
watch your video. Something like, "This
editing system will save you four hours
per edit." or get your first 10 clients
with this cheeky little script. And I
think these do well for sales because
they just cut through all of the BS and
they just say this is going to get you a
very specific transformation you
actually care about. And if the video
delivers on that, they buy. So those are
the title categories responsible for the
most sales. If you want to maximize
revenue, you need to make sure your
title hits on at least two of them at
once. The top two combined, these are
the most likes to make sales. But here's
the thing, that's only the start of what
matters with titles. All right. So,
we're going to come back to titles again
in a minute when we look at what emojis
appear to be doing. But this next lesson
is a really big one. So, listen up
because I think it's going to make you
five times more maybe. So, we can see
the amount of views, the amount of
clicks people are getting on their new
releases. And what we noticed was the
click-through rate on a link below your
video was only 0.2%. So, if you get,000
views, it's like two clicks. But at the
top end of the spectrum, the big
channels, the ones earning all the
money, we're seeing percentages of 10,
14%. And the top performing channels
generally don't dip below 1%, which is
five times more. So now, the reason this
is so important is, let's say you're
making $1,000 a month from YouTube, and
you're getting 0.2% click-through rate
on your link. If you got that to 2%,
which is actually achievable, your
income shoots up to $10,000 from that
one simple change. So, you need to take
this seriously. But how do you do that?
Well, what you want to do is this.
Firstly, if you look at the big channel,
smashing it, their links are always
visible above the fold in the
description. So, look below this video
right now. That link, look at it. You
can click it straight away. I have
nothing else in there. But also, the
calls to action to the links are very
short. So, if you've got a longass
sentence or a paragraph trying to
explain people why they should click,
get it down to a few words. Honestly,
writing work with me worked better than
most. And that's kind of it. Which
brings me on to the lesson I learned
that proved me wrong about something and
it sums up how YouTube actually works to
grow a business perfectly. Emojis. So
for years I have told people do not use
emojis in your thumbnails and title
because a big bright yellow smiling
blob, it pulls the eye away from what
actually matters in your text and in
your image. But when I was digging
around through this data set, I spotted
a little anomaly. And we found that a
few high-erforming videos for sales had
emojis in their title. So, what does
that tell us? Well, this is the real
lesson about YouTube and about every
single lesson I've just given you. And
this is this. Everything I've just told
you is incredibly valuable and
completely useless at the exact same
time. Because at the end of the day,
YouTube isn't about platformwide best
practices. It's about understanding the
type of viewer you attract and what they
love and then just giving them that over
and over again, even if the trends say
different. And there are so many
different viewer types now. Some love
vague curiositydriven titles. Some want
ultra specific details. Some love
storytelling, some love blunt, direct
tactical titles. Some respond to emojis
and some hate them. And the only way
you're going to figure this out for
yourself is to experiment and then find
the pattern that works for your audience
and then just repeat that until it stops
working. So, everything I've just said,
you got to take it with a pinch of salt.
This is not the YouTube bible. This is
just some interesting data you might
want to play with. And if you're
thinking, well, I still don't really
understand how this tracking game works,
watch this video next, and I'll show you
how I use this data to double my
business over the last year, and in
particular, how it helped me generate
$1.2 million in 3 months. Pure insanity.
And if you want the report, click the
link below. Senate.